[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
so if you follow my channel in the seven
or eight months that I've been doing
this
[Music]
[Applause]
couple days a Snapdragon 410 processor
with one to two gigs of RAM depending on
whether or not you upgraded the base
model and that's sufficient for most
smartphone stuff 8 or 16 gigs of storage
again depending on whether or not you
upgraded it from the base model and it
has an expansion slot so you can always
add to that all of this in a
water-resistant package it is missing
things like AC Wi-Fi there's also no NFC
there's no wireless charging but for the
most part these are things that you're
not going to get in a $200 phone ok so
some closing thoughts here for $180 I
think this is one of the best budget
smartphone so you can get for 2015 it's
got a fantastic camera for the price and
everything else about it is really solid
for the basic smartphone user if you're
coming from iOS and you're using like an
iPhone 4 or 4s and you've been
interested in trying out the Android
ecosystem this is a pretty good gateway
device it's inexpensive and the Android
experience is pretty stock and if you're
coming from an Android phone depending
on the phone that you're coming from
this could be a bit of a side grade or
it could be an upgrade I mean it's your
decision to make
that's the end of the review we hope you
guys liked it if you have any questions
or comments type below I spent a lot of
time on this one because it was my first
smartphone review if you guys liked it
give me some thumbs and just write below
if there's anything you liked or
disliked about this video but it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time